(Yuma)
Last time on "YuGiOh ZEXAL..."
(Yuma) That road leads
to Astral World!
This other side connects
back to Earth!
But why is Heartland City
still Barian-fied?
Don Thousand's power still
remains.
His chaos energy is
keeping Earth
and Barian World
fused together.
It's also pulling our worlds
into a collision course with
Astral World.
If our three worlds collide,
Astral World will be destroyed.
(all gasp)
But since we defeated him,
Don Thousand's power
should be gone.
It's not, because I inherited
Don Thousand's energies.
Barian World and Astral
World are sworn enemies.
If you want to save
Astral World,
you'll have to defeat me!
All right.
Let's duel.
Why would Shark summon
monsters onto our field?
There's still one Barian monster
missing from this party!
Mizar's Neo Galaxy-Eyes
Tachyon Dragon!
(roaring)
Now that the seven Barians
are back together,
you have no chance!
?
♪ Still together as one ♪
♪ 'Cause divided we're none ♪
♪ Ready to go
we feel the flow ♪
♪ So don't stand in our way ♪
♪ You know we ain't afraid ♪
♪ This is our time,
we're in control ♪
♪ If I trip up today,
you just wipe it away ♪
♪ All of my fears
are gone, erased ♪
♪ Let us tear down the walls
♪ Till the final night falls ♪
♪ The bonds of
our souls can't be replaced ♪
♪ Let us fight together,
regretting never ♪
♪ Our dreams will be ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ Our light
comes shining through ♪
♪ Reach down deep ♪
♪ Beat defeat ♪
♪ Do all that we can do ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ We've got nothing to lose ♪
♪ Keep breathing ♪
♪ Believing ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪ ♪
When you take on me,
you take on all seven
Barian Emperors!
Together, we can summon
our most powerful monster!
Barian World's
most powerful monster♪
This guardian is so mighty
that it can only be summoned
by overlaying all seven
Barian Numbers
in the ultimate Xyz Summoning!
I overlay Silent Honor,
Ragnafinity,
Archfiend Seraph, Neo Tachyon,
Giant Red Hand, Comet Cestus
and Masquerade.
With these seven monsters,
I build the ultimate
Overlay Network!
Feast your eyes on Chaos Xyz
Barian Hope!
This looks bad.
Keep your guard up, Yuma.
Gee, ya think?
The other Emperors
may have fallen,
but they're far from defeated.
I'm going to keep fighting
for each and every one of them
because I know they'd do
the same for me.
For the glory of Barian World,
we will defeat you
and destroy Astral World.
That's a promise!
You've got to be kidding me.
Seven on two isn't fair.
This was unforeseen.
To win we will need to expect
the unexpected.
At last, the seven Emperors
will fight as one!
Aah!
This is wild!
Shark's blast almost knocked me
off my feet!
His power is limitless!
I will guarantee Barian World's
future
by making Astral World a thing
of the past!
You've had your fun,
but now you're done!
Barian Hope gains
1,000 attack points
for every one of its
Overlay Units!
That's 7,000 attack points.
Yuma, play your trap!
Right! I activate the trap
Overlay Assistance!
When I have no cards
in my hand,
I get to draw a card for every
Overlay Unit that you have.
So I draw seven cards!
That's a small price to pay for
what Barian Hope can do.
By using one Overlay Unit,
or paying 400 life points,
it can activate the special
ability
of one of the seven
Barian Numbers!
What? No way!
That's like facing all seven
Barian Numbers simultaneously!
And it's nearly impossible
to beat even a single one!
I can only use each of their
special abilities once per turn,
but that'll be more
than enough to crush you.
I pay 400 life points!
That lets me activate
Neo Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon's
special ability!
Not only does it negate
the effects
of all other cards
on the field,
but it transcends time and
returns all cards
to the way they were at the
beginning of the turn!
So Utopia can't use
its special abilities!
Furthermore,
you can't activate any cards
without my permission!
I pay 400 more life points!
I activate Chaos Number 102:
Archfiend Seraph's
special ability!
Your Utopia loses all of its
attack points!
Utopia!
I pay 400 life points again!
My sister's Ragnafinity will
send chills down your spine!
Since Utopia lost 2,500
attack points,
you take 2,500 points
of damage!
But you only have 2,400
life points!
And since you can't activate
any card on your field to stop
the damage, you're finished!
Oh, you think?
'Cause I don't!
I activate
the trap Ant Barrier!
I can't activate any card on my
field, but I can from my hand!
Ant Barrier switches Utopia
to defense mode.
And it chains up your monster
so that it can't attack.
It's all tied up
with nowhere to go.
Very cute.
If you think you outsmarted me,
well, think again.
I can handle anything
you dish out!
I'll pay 400 more life points
to activate Chaos Number 106:
Giant Red Hand's special
ability!
Its humongous fist smashes your
puny Ant Barrier into pieces!
Huh?
What?
Barian Hope is free!
Next, Alito steps
into the ring!
I pay 400 life points to
activate
Battlin ' Boxer Comet Cestus" '
special ability!
Barian Hope automatically KO's
your Utopia!
Astral, Utopia's gone!
And you'll be a goner, too.
Chaos Xyz Barian Hope,
annihilate Yuma and Astral!
Oh, you're not taking me
down that easily.
Not as long as I have Gagaga
Guardian to protect me!
When you attack me directly,
I can summon this big fella
in defense mode.
Whatever.
Nothing you do will save you.
Take the stage,
Umbral Horror Masquerade!
Buckle your seatbelts because
we're taking you for a ride!
A ride to the dark side!
Oh!
First, say bye bye bye
to your Gagaga!
Then I send one random card in
your hand to the graveyard!
And for the finishing touch,
Masquerade cuts your
life points in half!
Aah!
Yuma! Astral!
Uhh!
You're all out of options.
Barian Hope, destroy them
once and for all!
Yuma.
Good-bye, Yuma!
Save your good-byes!
But say hello to
my Rainbow Kuriboh.
My pal resurrects
from my graveyard
to defend me from your attack!
Fine.
I'll just flatten
that floating cream puff!
No matter what we do,
Shark is always
one step ahead of us.
For sure.
But we haven't lost,
and that's what's
most important.
Even mutant cockroaches don't
live as long as you two!
I activate the spell card
Chaos Tempest Draw!
It destroys all the spell
and trap cards on the field!
Then I draw a card for every
card that was destroyed.
That's a total of three cards.
I place all three facedown
and end my turn.
(sighs) We survived.
Yes, indeed.
Shark holds
an overwhelming lead.
But one thing puzzles me.
Huh?
Instead of using Barian Hope's
Overlay Units,
why would he give up
his own life points
to activate its
special abilities?
He could have had a massive
life-point advantage over us.
But instead, we actually have
more life points than him.
I think I know why.
Huh?
Because...
each of those Overlay Units
represents a Barian Emperor.
So if he uses them,
it 's like he" 's getting rid of
one of his friends.
Yes, I see.
Shark would never turn his back
on the other Emperors.
Because just like us, Astral,
they share an unbreakable bond.
Shark's fighting
for his friends
like we're fighting for ours.
Yuma, I'm feeling confused.
I am battling Barian World
so that Astral World
may survive.
But now, does the survival
of my world
justify the loss of theirs?
No, it definitely doesn't!
Huh?
That's why I'll save everyone!
I won't pick and choose.
I'll save us all.
Astral World, Earth,
even Barian World, got it?
Then allow me to assist.
Okay, let's do this.
Go!
When two kindred spirits unite,
their future has no limits!
Ultimate ZEXAL Morph!
All right!
Now, let's go!
Even with the power of ZEXAL,
I'll still beat you!
What's happening?
Oh.
Hey, who stepped on
the gas pedal?
Earth's heading this way
even faster than before!
Why is this happening.
Astral?
As our duel intensifies,
we release greater
amounts of energy,
pulling our worlds
closer together
much stronger than before.
The results will be
more devastating than
previously calculated.
Oh! Oh, no!
So if the three worlds collide,
then we're all done for!
(Astral)
There is a high probability
that the rest of the galaxy
will not survive as well.
There has to be some way
to stop this!
(rumbling)
(man) Oh, no!
What's happening?
I can't believe it.
In the end, this just
might really be the end.
Yuma.
Calm down, everybody!
Don't lose hope.
It's all we have left.
I know it looks like
we don't stand a chance,
but that's not true.
My friends are doing everything
they can to save our future
so that we don't become
a thing of the past!
Lillybot trusts in Yuma.
They're right!
Yuma will prevent
a catastrophe.
Yeah, he will!
Kazuma Tsukumo.
My friend, can you hear me?
Byron Arclight, is that you?
How you been?
Your three kids and my Yuma
certainly had their share
of ups and downs.
More downs than ups.
True, but when he saved us,
that final up erased
all the downs.
Quite a boy.
Listen, Kazuma,
as much as I would love to
stroll down memory lane,
Yuma is in trouble.
Yes, I know.
The three worlds
will be destroyed
unless you do something
about it.
But how?
I hope whatever power
I have left is enough.
Yuma!
Help is on the way!
Dad!
Let's show these pups
what two old dogs can do.
Old? Who are you
calling old?
Speak for yourself!
Vetrix?
(Byron)
We'll hold back these worlds
as long as we can!
(Kazuma) Keep on dueling, Yuma!
The future is in your hands!
We're safer now,
but we don't have much time.
(Astral)
Yuma, you know what to do.
Right.
A truly powerful duelist
can shape the outcome
of a duel.
He can even generate the very
cards that he needs to draw!
Destiny Shining Draw!
(gasps)
But that's only the beginning.
I activate the spell
Overlay Reborn!
I discard a monster card
from my hand.
And then that lets me resurrect
an Xyz monster
that's always been by my side.
Come on back, Number 39:
Utopia!
And your monster loses Overlay
Units equal to Utopia's Rank!
Utopia's Rank is four.
So Barian Hope loses
four Chaos Overlay Units.
Not so fast!
I've got a game-changing
surprise!
(Yuma)
Your monster loses over
half its Overlay Units!
I don't think so!
I activate Overlay Menace!
This trap stops
your Overlay Reborn
from getting rid
of my Overlay Units!
So you can keep your hands
to yourself!
I also get to draw seven cards
and regain 3,500 life points!
You tried to take me down,
but you only hurt yourself!
He's right,
because my Overlay Reborn drops
Utopia's attack points to zero.
Nash is playing
his cards perfectly.
Maybe.
But I'm not gonna give up!
I activate Rank-Up-Magic
Astral Force!
Eliphas risked his life
to give us this card
because he believed it would
help us save the future.
Let us prove that he was right!
(Yuma) Yeah!
It's time to turn the tables
because I'm so feeling
the flow!
Rank-Up Magic Astral Force
ranks up Utopia
into an even more powerful
monster!
(both)
We rebuild the Overlay
Network!
(Yuma) Rank Up Xyz Evolution!
Shatter the boundaries
of reality!
Arise anew, Number 39!
Utopia Beyond!
(gasps)
(laughs)
Utopia Beyond,
soar into the sky
and attack Barian Hope!
Have you lost your mind?
My monster has way more
attack points than yours!
Utopia!
Show 'em your true power!
Utopia Beyond's special ability
blasts Barian Hope's attack
points down to zero!
Aah!
Your monster's going down!
Utopia Beyond,
destroy Barian Hope!
Not happening!
I activate Xyz Trip!
This trap ends the battle by
deflecting your attack!
This is intense.
On the down side,
I now have to pay 3,000
life points,
but it's a price
I'm willing to pay
to keep Barian Hope
on the field.
Aah!
You okay?
Is that the best you got?
I place three cards face down
and end my turn.
Good!
That means Barian Hope gets all
its attack points back.
Now, I...
draw!
Chaos Xyz Barian Hope,
attack Utopia Beyond
and end this duel!
I activate
the trap Weaker Overlay!
Utopia Beyond gains
600 attack points
for every one of your
monster's Overlay Units.
And Barian Hope has seven!
That equals 4,200 points!
My Utopia is now stronger
than Barian Hope!
Big mistake!
Aah!
Thanks to Ragnafinity,
since Utopia Beyond gained
4,200 attack points,
you lose 4,200 life points!
Game over, Yuma.
Not yet, Shark.
Now, go!
Damage Reactor!
With this trap,
I don't take any damage,
and Utopia Beyond gains
800 attack points.
Thanks for the power boost.
It has 8,000 attack points?
Go, Utopia Beyond!
Rising Sun Beyond Slash!
No!
Yeah!
You dare destroy the bond
I have with my friends?
Yuma, Astral,
I will make you pay!
?